Add tiup microservices section (#17941)
pingcap/docs: scheduling-configuration-file.md

### `advertise-listen-addr`

- The URL for the client to access the Scheduling node
- Default value: `"${listen-addr}"`
- In some situations such as in Docker or NAT network environments, if a client cannot access the Scheduling node through the default client URLs listened to by the Scheduling node, you must manually set `advertise-listen-addr` for client access.
- For example, the internal IP address of Docker is `172.17.0.1`, while the IP address of the host is `192.168.100.113` and the port mapping is set to `-p 3379:3379`. In this case, you can set `advertise-listen-addr="http://192.168.100.113:2379"`. Then, the client can find this service through `http://192.168.100.113:2379`.

### `backend-endpoints`

- The list of backend endpoints of other Scheduling nodes that the current Scheduling node listens to
- Default value: `"http://127.0.0.1:2379"`

### `lease`

- The timeout of the Scheduling Primary Key lease. After the timeout, the system re-elects a Primary.
- Default value: `3`
- Unit: seconds

## security

Configuration items related to security

### `cacert-path`

- The path of the CA file
- Default value: ""

### `cert-path`

> - The path of the Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM) file that contains the X509 certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The path of the Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM) file that contains the X.509 certificate
```

- Default value: ""

### `key-path`

> - The path of the PEM file that contains the X509 key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The path of the PEM file that contains the X.509 key
```
